README.md, before:

# MSPTouchableLabel

![version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-0.0.1-green.svg)
![build status](https://travis-ci.org/michaelpace/MSPTouchableLabel.svg)

MSPTouchableLabel is a UILabel subclass which provides a UITableView -like interface for creating interactive labels. It has no dependencies. Run the sample app to see demos, or peek at the .gifs at the bottom of this document.

### Installation

Clone this repo, or just grab MSPTouchableLabel.h and MSPTouchableLabel.m.

### Todos

 - Only draw sections of label which have changed since last draw, and potentially following sections if they are moved too.

### License

MIT

### See also

 - [TTTAttributedLabel](https://github.com/TTTAttributedLabel/TTTAttributedLabel)

### A few example applications:

Replace text upon tap:

![replace text](http://i.imgur.com/5sxXxBR.gif)

Links:

![links](http://i.imgur.com/zwvMlp2.gif)

Mad libs:

![mad libs](http://i.imgur.com/IzkJmff.gif)

Highlighting:

![highlighting](http://i.imgur.com/vGlygCp.gif)

Commit message:

update readme after adding to cocoapods

README.md, after:

# MSPTouchableLabel

![build status](https://travis-ci.org/michaelpace/MSPTouchableLabel.svg)
![CocoaPods](http://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/MSPTouchableLabel.svg?style=flat)
![CocoaPods](http://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/MSPTouchableLabel.svg?style=flat)

MSPTouchableLabel is a UILabel subclass which provides a UITableView -like interface for creating interactive labels. It has no dependencies. Run the sample app to see demos, or peek at the .gifs at the bottom of this document.

### Installation

Add `pod "MSPTouchableLabel"` to your Podfile and run `pod install` or `pod update`.

### License

MIT

### Todos

 - Only draw sections of label which have changed since last draw, and potentially following sections if they are moved too.

### See also

 - [TTTAttributedLabel](https://github.com/TTTAttributedLabel/TTTAttributedLabel)

### A few example applications:

Replace text upon tap:

![replace text](http://i.imgur.com/5sxXxBR.gif)

Links:

![links](http://i.imgur.com/zwvMlp2.gif)

Mad libs:

![mad libs](http://i.imgur.com/IzkJmff.gif)

Highlighting:

![highlighting](http://i.imgur.com/vGlygCp.gif)
